C0--Big open area with a statue of a large dragon in the center. There are five pedestals with the five elements on them.--Exists: Earth Door, Fire Door, Metal Door, Water Door, Wood Door--Monster: Dragon
E0--Brick rotunda with floors made of brick pavers. Grass is beginning to grow between the brick pavers. The rotunda is barren except for a wood table along the wall. A single candle on the table is the only source of light. You can go south through the archway or go north through the double doors.--Door:BrickArchway, Door: Large wooden double door with a padlock.--Item(s): Earth Gem, Wine Jar x2.
E1--Large great hall with a long wooden table. Iron shackles are lying on the table. A large candelabra sits on the table. A large metal shield leans against the left wall. You can navigate east through the metal door or go up the stairs against the east wall.--Door: Large metal door, Stairs: Creaky wooden stairs.--Item(s): Knife.
E2--Large room strewn with broken shards of glass. Skeletal remains are piled in the middle of the floor. Pigeons are nesting on the wood beams high above the floor. You can exit east through the metal door.--Door: Large metal door.--Item(s): Water Jar.--Monster(s): Eken.
E3--Large room lined with cages. Large chains cover the floor. The locks to the cages have been pried open. Remnants of a fire, chars the floor. You can exit north through the archway or south through the archway.--Stairs: Creaky wooden stairs, Door: Brick arch doorway, Door: Brick arch doorway.
E4--Large metal vat hangs from a metal tripod in the middle of the floor. A dark liquid substance is boiling in the vat. Firewood is neatly stacked near the vat. One small window provides the only light to this room. You can exit north through the archway, south through the archway, or west up the stairs.--Door: Brick arch doorway, Door: Brick arch doorway, Stairs: Wooden stairs--Item(s): Food box, Exit key.
E5--This is a large room with skulls hanging from the ceiling. Each skull has an illuminated candle, burning as a source of lighting. Bats are hanging from the walls. You can exit west down the stairs or north through the large wooden door.--Stairs: Wooden stairs, Door: Large wooden door with a metal door handle--Item(s):First-aid-kit--Monster(s): Pyken
E6--Large empty room with open arch windows. From this view you can see for miles in the distance. This room is cold. Broken bottles and trash litter the floor. You can exit south through the wooden door.--Door: Large wooden door with metal handle.--Item(s): Crystal Ball: Earth Powers.--Puzzle(s): P1.
M1--The entrance is two large metal doors. To your right there is a staircase that leads to room M2. To the left is a heavy vented metal door. In the middle of their room is a large square metal table. The table is covered in scratches and dents.--Entrance, Stairs, Door to M2--Item(s) Dagger, Wine Jar x2.
M2--This room is an old blacksmith shop. There is a dusty furnace to the right. Chains hang from the ceiling. The is very little light in the room. There is a metal tub with murky water. There is a tool bench and an anvil.--Vented door/Entrance.--Item(s): Axe in the murky water of the tub.--Monster(s): Meken.
M3--The room is covered in rusted scrap metal, but you can see out on the balcony is a treasure chest. The only source of light is coming from outside. There is a door near the stairs. That is clean and polished. Across from the stairs there is an old rusty door with a big lock on it. You can see something shiny sticking out of the edge of a pile of scrap.--Stairs back to M2, Archway to a balcony M4, Door: Shiny metal door to M6.--Item(s): Exit key buried in the scrap metal.--Puzzle(s): P7.
M4--Standing in the archway is a Meken. You can see a treasure chest.--Archway--Item(s): Tiger-Claw knife--Monster(s): Teken--Puzzle(s): Exit Key.
M5--The room is dark and barren there is an armor with a skeleton within. In the lap of the skeleton is a Great Axe.--Door: Old rusty metal door.--Item(s): Wine jar--Monster(s): Meken.
M6--The room is covered in broken blades and bones. Pieces of armor ripped torn.--Door: Shiny metal door, Stairs: Spiral staircase going up to M7--Item(s): First-aid-kit.
M7--In this room the walls are covered in spikes. The floor is smooth iron and there is no ceiling.--Stairs: Spiral staircase--Item(s): Metal Gem, Crystal Ball: Metal Powers--Monster(s): Zeken--Puzzle(s): P4.
W1--As you walk into the room the humidity makes it harder to breathe the wall have moss growing on them the areas that don’t have moss drip with beads of water the floor is slightly muddy making squishing noises on every step. On the wall running through the middle of the room are shelves with glass, jars buckets and many other water containers.--Door: Double-door Entrance, Stairs: Stairs to W2.--Item(s): Rune Blade Sword, Food box.
W2--To the right of the stairs there is an old broken water fountain the water has grown dark and stale. If you look closely there is something shiny within the water. Across from the statue is statue of a woman because of the moisture the statue looks as if it is weeping.--Stairs: Stairs back to W1, Archway to W3.--Item(s): Exit Key hidden in water.
W3--This is a Small room with staircase to the left and a path to wooden door.--Archway back to W2, Stairs: Stairs down to W5, Door: Locked wooden door to room W4.--Item(s): Water Gem.--Monster(s): Waken.
W4--This room was flooded soon as you open the door a water comes rushing by about knee height. Everything in the room is covered in green slime. There is a table and 4 stools. Within the room there is a window with bars. On a table in the middle of the room with 2 skeletons pinned to the table with a Titan Sword.--Door: Wooden door back to W3--Item(s): Titan Sword.
W5--This is a narrow hall with torch holder on the left across from a wooden door on the right. both sides of the of the hall are dripping streams of water.--Stairs: Stairs going back up to W3, Door: A wooden door to W6, Stairs: A set of stairs going down to W7.--Item(s): Crystal Ball: Water Powers.
W6--In this room there is a stack of barrels to the ceiling on the left side. Empty shelves next to the barrels. To the right is a pile of shredded books, sacs, and papers piled into a nest.--Door: Wooden door back to W5.--Monster(s): Titen.
W7--In this basement there is water up to your waist. The water is swirling around the room slowly sucking debris, wooden stools, books towards the middle. The water comes and goes at regular intervals. In the middle of the room is a well that allows the water to drain off while keeping the larger items within the room. The water comes from a spiral staircase that leads up the side of the tower.--Stairs: Stairs back up to W5, Stairs: Spiral staircase up to W8.--Item(s): First-aid-kit.--Monster(s): Waken.--Puzzle(s): P2.
W8--This is the top of the tower in the middle of the tower is a pedestal where you can see the Water Gem. As soon as the water gem has been removed the water stops flowing.--Stairs: Spiral Staircase back to W7--Item(s): Water Gem.
D1--The room was built by big logs. Logs hanging all around room with rope from the ceiling. Low light condition. Foggy.--Door: Double door Entrance, Stairs: Stairs to D2.--Item(s): Viking Sword.
D2--Smelly rotten wood odor. Room filled with green moss. Human skeletons hanging from wall. Flies and maggot everywhere.--Stairs: Stairs back to D1, Archway to D3.--Item(s): Wood Gem.--Puzzle(s): P6.
D3--Room was damp. Water filled to knee high. Logs floating all around. Monster camouflaged in side wall with moss.-- Archway back to D2, Stairs: Staircase to D4.--Item(s): Crystal Ball: Wood Powers.--Monster(s): Woken.
D4--Thorn bushes overgrown the whole room. Snakes pit on the right of room. Low light condition.-- Stairs: Staircase to D5, Stairs: Staircase back to D3.--Item(s): Falcon Katana.
D5--Strong odor from decomposed bodies. Two tunnels from top side wall with blood like color water dripping down.--Archway to D6, Stairs: Staircase back to D4.--Item(s):Exit Key.--Monster(s): Boken.
D6--Wooden spikes on ceiling, ground, and side walls. Skulls were place on top of 4 poles at each corner.--Archway to Earth Wing - Level Exit, Archway back to D5.--Item(s): First-aid-kit.--Puzzle(s): P5.
F0--This floor is filled with smoke. The heat is sweltering. This room is the main hall. There are portraits and landscapes hanging from the wall. The player can move south through a large ornate door or east through a door.--Door: Double Door Entrance to Fire/Exit to Water Level, Door: Ornate Door, Door: Wooden Door--Item(s): Health Potion x3.
F1--This is a dining room/ meeting hall. There is a table surrounded with chairs in the middle. A fireplace is located on the west wall. The player can travel north through the ornate door, east through a wooden door, or south through a wooden door.--Door: Ornate Door, Door: Wooden Door, Door: Wooden Door.
F2--This room is the kitchen. There are shelves with spices on the west wall. A table is in the center of the room. There is a sink and stove on the south wall. The player may travel north through the wooden door or east through the sturdy door.--Door: Wooden Door, Door: Sturdy Door.--Item(s): Bread x3, Cured Meat x3.
F3--This is an old throne room. There are large ornate pillars with torches lining both sides of the room. There is a bolted door to the south. When the player enters the room with the exit key the monster Fiken will be summoned to stop the player from advancing. The player may travel south once they have obtained the key to enter the metal level and defeated Fiken.--Door: Wooden Door, Door: Sturdy Door, Door: Locked Door to Metal Level.--Monster(s): Fiken.
F4--This room is a study. There are bookcases along the walls. You see a pile of scrolls in the corner and charts on the floor. There is a rug on the floor that appears to be slightly raised. The player can investigate the rug or travel through the west/south doors.--Door: Trap-door to basement, Door: Sturdy Door, Door: Wooden Door.
F5--The basement is lit by torches along the walls. The rooms are covered grey clay bricks. The player may travel west through the steel door, south through the wooden door, or ascend the ladder.--Ladder: Ladder to Floor 1, Door: Steel Door, Door: Wooden Door.--Puzzle(s): P3 after using the door to F7.
F6--This is a storeroom. There are sacks of grain, crates, and barrels of ale inside. The player may travel north through the wooden door.--Door: Wooden Door.--Item(s): Hammer (Located inside a crate).
F7--This is room is a training hall. There are old blood splatters along the floors and walls. Skeletons chained along the southern wall. There is a section of bricks on the west wall that appears to have been recently repaired. The player may investigate the wall or travel back through the steel door. The wall must be broken with a hammer.--Door: Steel Door, Wall: Suspicious Wall.--Item(s): Straight Katana.
F8--This is a crypt. A coffin is in the center of the crypt. A key can be seen hanging from the wall. The player can travel east to exit the room. Upon picking up the key the monster Flaken is summoned. The player must defeat him to obtain the key.--Wall: Broken Wall.--Item(s): Exit Key.--Monster(s): Flaken.